Mom was posted by Shaurya, so assuming that mom was written by him.


MOM 20/2/25
Attendance: Eesha, Jayant Devansh, Advay, Praneet, Harshil, Raafey, Amal, Shaurya 

Of the 3 scripts at hand, namely:
1. Nox
2. "BITSian's Hangover"
3. "Skibbidy Toilet"

Of which, BITSian's hangover has been decided by the FMaC 24 to be taken up as the semester production and Skibbidy Toilet to be adapted in the WTF style with a comedic/horror twist.

Nox has been saved for next semester, because it deserves an inter-batch collaboration and FMaC's highest level of production due to its narrative complexities but a really intricate plotline. The script yet remains to be perfected.

Raafey's current script is too rough to work with and it needs to have a certain comedic twist added to it while keeping a bit of the horror element.

Deadline details:

25th Feb 2025
--Raafey's script needs to be re-written and have the nuances added.
For both Advay and Raafey
1.  Scene Maps and grouping of scenes setting/location wise
2. Color grading of each scene in the scene map
3. Character list and casting of actors
4. List of any particular Props
5. Music for the movie
6. Any additional edits

17th March 2025
1. The scriptwriters will start being pinged for details of the work
2. they are expected to have expansive storyboards and color theory figured out
3. Logistics have to be decided between Advay and Raafey so that no shoot is delayed
4. A schedule for shoots is also expected, where shoot starts 21st March and ends before 15th April
5. Skibbidy Toilet is expected to finish its shoots over a weekend of Friday, Saturday and sunday as the script is not long and can be shot in a single hostel. Skibbidy Toilet is to be edited and ready for upload by 15th April.

15th April 2025 
Editing for BITSian's Hangover will start such that 95% of the work gets over by 22nd April such that it can be uploaded before compres.

There is no scope for re-shoots

Everyone will be working on both of the projects. No one's going to excuse under the name of "working on an individual project" no matter how small that contribution maybe
